With the rise of PowerPoint presentations a ever growing number of interns is task with converting convoluted datasets into a form that allows executives to make quick and informed decisions justifying their salaries. While it started simple enough with plotting the quarterly numbers in excel and copying the graphs over we have now reached the AI era. Where even a Email must be interactive. We see augmented reality plotting real time data straight into our vision. We have datasets of greater and greater size and even our personal decisions become watched, analysed and optimized. Keeping an overview of everything that's rattling beneath our thumbs is no longer possible for a singular person. Visualizations help us taking in large amounts of data in no time. But no one tells us which type of graph might be suitable for a certain dataset. We have to translate our real world into bits and bytes to make it understandable for corporate AIs. But in turn most of these models remain a black box for us. What happens if we translate datasets that are not comprehensible into neat visualizations. Where do we draw the line between useful and absurd?

## Beginning/Intro
1. History of Visualizations in the digital age
2. Magnitude of Data in day to day life
3. Possible useful representations of "un-visualizable" data
## Middle/Body
1. Traditional visualization techniques
2. Evaluation of visualizations
3. Experimental Visualizations
4. Commercial and non-commercial use cases
## End/Conclusion
1. Recap
2. Evaluation
3. Importance and Caution
4. Outlook

## Intro

The data throughput of a single low end smartphone is incomprehensible for the average user. In \[date\] a memorable commercial aired. \[num\] guys standing in an elevator rescuing a presentation by formatting the buisness numbers into a 'appealing' presentation. They praised excels features for a dataset with the size of 5x5 columns. Current datasets are often multiple magnitudes of size above that. This essay will explore how we can comprehend this new scale of information in 